cloud9 lost the offseason they picked up
this guy nobody had ever heard of and
unfortunately they would zero to this
weekend's
I'm here right now with licorice for the
first weekend of the NA LCS with
coverage presented of course by Omni
slash and you guys are off to a pretty
good start to an O and I think you know
people feeling pretty confident about
your victories for you this is your
first chance to really showcase your
skills here as part of cloud 9 what have
you what it's this weekend and this
experience been like for you I mean it's
been great so far I think like based off
of rankings alone most people would have
expected like a 1-1 this week from us
but getting the 200 is like a great
start and as my first two matches in LCS
it feels really good what do you think
do you think that this is gonna be the
norm for cloud nine going into the rest
of the split like you guys are just
gonna be this dominant I think we
definitely can be done dominant there's
a lot of teams that are like kind of
question marks me right now and I'm
really not sure how good they'll be so
like I don't want to come right out and
say like we'll be number one for sure
but I think we'll be a strong team what
has all of this been like for you
because you got announced and there's a
lot of skepticism from cloud9 fans and
non-cloud fans about your involvement
and you know people are saying like what
obviously they downgraded or their
rosters worse or whatever and then you
know you had to build up to this so
how's that have you been dealing with
all that and has it affected you at all
um for most of the fans stuff actually
it's been kind of weird for me I guess
and a lot of like the fans on like
Reddit and whatnot it didn't really know
who I was and they were kind of upset
that I was coming in to replace impact
who's like a huge name but at the same
time a lot of analysts and coaches were
like talking about how I could be really
good so I never really felt like there
wasn't any support but for the most part
I don't think it affected me that much
and what's the vibe like on the team and
what's this experience like for you
coming to the LCS ah the vibe is really
relaxed I guess like like not let's
super like relax like everyone's working
hard of course but everyone like there's
a lot of like joking around and stuff
and it's like a really nice work
atmosphere so it's really easy to fit
right in I think
it's great and for you to do have
jitters at all before you on stage
yesterday I definitely was feeling
really nervous before I went on stage
but usually I found that as soon as I'm
actually in game and I'm laning and I'm
farming creeps or whatever then the
nerves kind of go away for the most part
so compared to the other top laners how
do you feel you are right now do you
feel like you're in that Ricci spot
you've got a lot of weight to go or do
you feel like you can compete with the
best of the best here I think that my
laning is definitely my strong point
right now but I'll make or I am making
like in scrims and stuff like a lot of
dumb mistakes and I'm getting punished
for that a lot so I think that in Lane
I'll be totally fine and I think I can
stand up to basically anyone in the
league but I might not have the same
game knowledge that the rest of the top
ladies could bring so it's kind of a
mixed bag what is your what's your
backstory by the way for the people that
don't know so I started playing in
season 3 and then I played to the end of
that season took a break for a year came
back in season 5 and then played on a
couple amateur teams got picked up by
the cloud9 challenger team which was the
highballs lemon iteration of that team I
was there sub for top lane and then they
sold me off to e United for the
Challenger split last year and then
United sold me back to cloud 9 for this
year kind of returning home for you when
you say you started playing do you mean
like level one account in season 3 yeah
at level in account
did you fall whether you start following
all the eSports stuff um pretty much
right away I had a couple friends who
are like into the eSports side of it so
and then I think it's season 3 they were
like advertising it directly in the
client at that time - so I kind of just
fell into it like maybe maybe around the
time I started playing ranked like level
30 or so so how old were you back then
would have been 15 and for you I mean
did you ever anticipate yourself getting
in the situation um I mean you
distracted by going blue trying to throw
you off the game yeah off camera hanging
faces at you it's so toxic
you know just such a toxic meddling
there no but kind of go back to it did
you did you anticipate you know you you
started playing season three you find
about this esports thing where you like
that's me I want to be that a couple of
years or did you kind of fall into it I
mean it was definitely something that I
looked at and I was like wow that'd be
super cool to do but at the same time
there's a lot of people who look at it
and say that so I was kind of like
cautiously optimistic about the whole
thing and it wasn't until I started like
climbing really high on the ladder that
I was like maybe maybe I can actually do
this so and then like moving from team
to team it just kind of like fell into
place I guess like I was high ranked
then I joined the team and then like and
then I joined cloud nine they traded me
to another team and it kind of just like
happened so because there's a lot of
guys that just kind of hang out you know
on the bottom runs and they previously
competed in challenger they they kind of
go back and forth did you ever worry
that you weren't gonna be able to make
it here of course yeah I feel like it's
if like for a pro player or for someone
trying to go pro - like not worry about
that I feel like it's unrealistic cuz
you can't really know where you'll end
up or like where your limits are right
guys so you got this goal done what's
the next one I think I'd want to win it
split we're good well hey is there
anything you want to say to any of the
cloud9 fans and Lakers fans any of the
people that doubted you before this
weekend um to the doubters like I got it
I replaced impact at school we're chill
and thanks to everyone for supporting me
what a nice pragmatic person you know
like it's okay I get it
you thought I might suck reasonable
expectation hope I can change that it's
very very nice of you so thank you so
much for the interview
glad to to interview for the first time
and hopefully get to interview you much
more as you rack up some more wins over
the split for
else you can check out the rest of my
coverage of all things eSports right
here on my youtube channel hey thank you
so much for subscribing to my youtube
channel wait you haven't yet well you
should because these LCS interviews are
brought to you by Omni slash they're
gonna be here all season long so make
sure you subscribe